 What is the biggest stadium in Spain ?- 0
 Show me all museums in London - 0
 Was Sigmund Freud married ? - 1 /2
 Who was married to president Chirac ? - 1
 Where is Fort Knox located ? - 1
 What is the official language of Suriname ? - 1
 Give me the birth place of Frank Sinatra - 1
 Who is the oldest child of Meryl Streep ? - 1 /2
 How often did Jane Fonda marry ? - 1 /2
 Is James Bond married ? - 1 /2
 Who was influenced by Socrates ? - 1
 Give me all actors who were born in Berlin - 0
 What is the capital of Canada ? - 1
 Did Che Guevara have children ? - 1 /2
 What did Bruce Carver die from ? - 1
 What are the official languages of the Philippines ? - 1
 What is the name of the biggest stadium in Spain ? - 0
 list all the museums in  London - 0
 Where is the location of Fort Knox ? - 1
 Tell me the name of the official language of Surinam - 1
 where was  Frank Sinatra  born? - 1
 Does James Bond have a spouse? -1 /2
 Whom did Socrates influenced ? - 1 /2
 BBC Wildlife Specials was presented by? - 0
 Which city is the capital of  Canada ? - 0
 What was to reason for Bruce Carver 's death ? - 0
 Where does  Limerick Lake  situated? - 1
 What is the population of capital of Australia ? - 0
 Name the biggest stadium in Spain ? - 0
 Give me a list of all museums in London - 0
 Whom Predident Chirac married to? - 0
 Where is Fort Knox situated ? - 1
 Where was Frank Sinatra born? - 1
 What is the name of smallest size city in Germany ? - 1
 How many spouses did Jane Fonda has ? - 1
 Socrates influenced whom? - 1
 When was the death of Michael Jackson? - 1
 List out all actors who have their birth place as Berlin - 0
 Did Che Guevara have a son or daughter or both ? - 1 /2
 What is the height of Claudia Schiffer ? - 1
 How did  Bruce Carver die ? - 1
 List out official languages spoken in Philippines - 0
 Give me the currency of China - 1
 What is the time zone of Salt Lake City? - 0
 Which languages are spoken in Estonia? - 0
 What is the height of Amazon Eve? - 1
